Add hint about var/cache folder for upgrade (Backported #1332) (#1496)
PrestaShop/docs: basics/keeping-up-to-date/upgrade.md

### Disable cache

> You may have activated a caching system (eg. memcache) on your shop. In that case, make sure to disable it in "Advanced Parameters" > "Performance". You can enable it again once the upgrade process is done. You might want to also delete the `var/cache/prod` and `var/cache/dev` folders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may have activated a caching system (e.g. Memcache) on your shop. In that case, make sure to disable it in "Advanced Parameters" > "Performance". You can enable it again once the upgrade process is done. You might want to also delete the `var/cache/prod` and `var/cache/dev` folders.
```
